**3 Hammer - Dark Duchess**

We all look at each other, scared shitless by this loud billowing voice speaking to us from on top of the ship. We can see this white scaled dragon head peering into the bowels of the ship, noticing our protective dome. It sniffs and scratches at the dome, then it tells us that it can smell us and hear our panicked heartbeats. The massive maw opens, trying to bite the bubble. The teeth screech against the outside as its unable to pierce though.

The dragon leaves us along for a bit, but we can still hear it stomping outside for a while, pacing around the ship. Possibly contemplating its next move. We discuss among ourselves to plan our way out of this. We lay out all the options on the table, all the magic we know, the weapons and gear we have with us. Finally, we cobble together something that resembles a plan, but we're going to need all the luck in the world to pull this off and get out alive.

First thing we had to do was to get some rest, as it had been a long day travelling here and dealing with the troll on the ship. Also, we needed all our strength to get this done, and we still had a couple of hours left on the dome to protect us from any harm while we try to do so.

**4 Hammer - Dark Duchess**

It was a rough night, as the dragon was still pacing outside. Scratching, pushing and pulling at the ship, seeing if there was a way to get to us. At some point, we though it had left when we didn't hear it for a short while anymore. But then, out of nowhere, we heard a loud splash coming from the sea. The ship then started to move, its wood creaking, as we figured the dragon was thumping the ice from beneath us, trying to break though to get to us.

[[Aust Rime|Aust]]'s part of the plan was up. Being an elf, he needs less rest than the rest of us, so he went ahead to prepare our escape. He begins writing a note mentioning the duergar constructing a metal dragon so they can defeat [[Arveiaturace]]. Then he starts melting enough ice to free all the treasure using a few cantrips.

Then as the rest of us woke up, we had to act fast as we only had limited time left on the protective dome. As we discussed in our plan, [[Santiago Cruz de los Santos, or Grok|Santiago]] casts a silencing spell to hide our actions from the dragon. When the spell is up, we start breaking through the ship's hull below us to reach the ice. Aust uses the same magic cantrip he used to melt the ice on the ice below us to try and create a tunnel, but its magic isn't potent enough to create a tunnel wide enough for us to fit through. 

While we rethink our options, I realise it is wide enough to drop my last fire grenade in it. The grenade tumbles down the ice tunnel and we brace for the explosion. The sensation is weird when the floor below us breaks and water, ice and wood splinters spew out of the hole. We look into the hole we just created and we come to the realisation that this part of the plan worked! There is now a tunnel through the ice, all the way to the sea below us.

The next part of the plan I was not fond of, but [[Aust Rime|Aust]] assured us this should work. [[Aust Rime|Aust]], [[Aedan]], [[Rotom Moonbane|Rotom]] and I climb down the icy hole, towards the sea water. Using some of his magic, Aust is able to manipulate the sea water to create a moving pocket of air underneath the ice, just large enough to hold the four of us. It's pretty cramped in the bubble, with a massive firbolg and and elf wearing plate. Rotom and I make ourselves as small as we possibly can to try and fit inside. Aust starts casting his magic and slowly but surely creates an icy tunnel through the sea water.

Back up in the ship, [[Santiago Cruz de los Santos, or Grok|Santiago]] and [[Kingsporth]] (or [[Kingsporth|Knobsworth]] as we've kept calling him) were trying to create a distraction for the dragon. The final part of the plan was for Santiago to teleport out of the bubble, and head south towards the orc outpost we had left from yesterday.

Under the ice, we slowly kept moving south through the tunnel Aust was creating for us. It was disorienting to travel like this through the water. Looking around us, we saw various sea creatures and schools of fish swimming by. Some of the creatures came closer to inspect us, and them swim away. At some point a couple of them started to show more interest in us, like they were eyeing up a tasty meal. That didn't last long, because for some reason they suddenly scattered and swam away quickly. Trying to figure out why, I looked back down the tunnel we came trough and then I spotted something I did not want to see. A massive white creature was swimming our way, following the very path of the tunnel we created through the sea water. [[Arveiaturace]] was on our tail, in fast pursuit of the thieves who took its treasure.

At the sight of this massive dragon coming straight for us, I start panicking and breathing heavily. Repeating over and over in a voice that got louder and louder as the dragon approached, I said that we had to get to the surface quickly. Out of my backpack I pulled a crowbar and started hacking at the ice on top of us, trying to dig a tunnel back up to the surface.

Out of nowhere, Aust conjures four dolphins around us and tells us to grab on. We take a deep breath and do so while the dolphins quickly swim past the dragon. While we swim past the dragon, we spot that the figure on its back doesn't seem to show any signs of life anymore. The spellcaster it mentioned, [[Meltharond]], seemed to have passed away quite a while ago. The dolphins outpace the dragon and we reach the surface of the water pretty quickly. I spot an ice shelf with a snowy mound on it nearby, and direct the dolphin to take me there. 

Climbing on the ice I make a run for the mound, trying to hide before the dragon surfaces as well. I shout to the others behind me to follow me. Grabbing the grey bag of tricks from my backpack, I grab the fuzzy ball inside and throw it out in front of me, hoping a useful animal spawns. The first try is damn lucky as a giant badger spawns right in front of me and I then tell it to start digging in the snowy mound to create a hiding place.

Rotom, Aust and Aedan follow right behind me and run into the tunnel that the badger is burrowing. We're barely inside the snowy mound as [[Arveiaturace]] surfaces from the sea, splashing our surroundings with water coming from its flapping wings. The dragon calls out in a billowing voice to show ourselves, pacing the sky back and forth to see if it can spot us. We hear the wings soaring through the sky around us for a good half an hour, when the sound suddenly subsides as it flies away. Seems like it had given up on trying to find us, but we couldn't really spot in what direction it flew.

Slowly coming out of the hole and watching the sky, we deem it safe enough to travel south and search for Santiago. It takes us a while to find him, as he could have been anywhere south from us now. [[Aedan]] manages to take us back to the ship, find our mountain goats, and lead us due south from there. After a few minutes, Aedan's keen sight spot an irregular shape in the landscape, and sure enough, it was another one of Santiago's protective bubbles. He coloured it white to hide from the dragon in the snowy landscape.

Catching up with Santiago and [[Kingsporth|Knobsworth]], he tells he was able to escape with the full dragon hoard! He did have to leave Knobsworth's mechanical suit behind though, as additional clues pointing to the duergar's plans to build a chardalyn dragon. Also, he tells us that he saw the dragon fly south in the direction of the orc outpost. It might have done in response of spotting Santiago when he teleported out of the ship, having to drop the protective bubble to do so. We had no intention of finding out what this massive dragon had done to the outpost, so we decided to leave for Ten Towns again. Taking a look at the dragon hoard, the entire loot we found was:

- 2731 gp
- 6230 sp
- Nine tattered pieces of indigo fabric lined with gold thread (25 gp each)
- Three pieces of quartz (50 gp each)
- A single aquamarine cracked down the center (250 gp)
- Scrimshaw figurine of an archer etched with magical script
- One foot tall marble statuette of a griffon with gold inlay (250 gp)
- Black pearl (500 gp)
- Peridot carved in the shape of a leaf (300 gp)
- 3-foot-diameter ceremonial bronze bowl inlaid with carnelians (1,000 gp)
- Seven garnets (100 gp each)
- A driftglobe
- A quiver of Ehlonna
- A scroll of Raise dead
- A scroll of Knock
- 2 greater healing potions
- 1 potion of frost giant strength
- A shield of the abjurers
- A Cli lyre
- A bronze Netherese object matching one of [[Rotom Moonbane|Rotom]]'s keys

We pack up the treasure on the goats and the sled and head due southeast towards [[Bremen]], the first town we would meet on our way back.

Along the way, we hear a wailing sound coming from behind a small hill. Seems to be coming from an animal. Curious as we are, we investigate where this sound is coming from. Walking up the hill, we see two [[Owlbear|owlbears]], a smaller one crying at a larger one. The larger one lies still, on its side. It seems to be an owlbear cub and its dead mother.

Aust calmly walks up to it and starts to feed it some rations, which it greedily accepts and devours in no time. He starts talking to the cub, asking what happened to its mother. The owlbear says that they were looking for place with some food, but that its mother collapsed of hunger and perished.

When I look over at Santiago, I can see a look in his eyes which I've seen before. He wants this owlbear as a pet. Rotom soon joins in on this idea. Aust, Aedan and I look at the both of them, trying to convince them that this is a wild animal and that we should let it be. Santiago is not having it, and instead proposes that we take it with us towards the lake near Bremen and set it free there, so it can hunt for food on its own.

Not entirely happy with this idea, we believe this is the easiest way to get Santiago to let go of the animal and release it into the wild. We take it with us on the sled towards Bremen and leave it at the border of the lake, still at quite a distance from Bremen so as to try and prevent it from causing trouble in or around town. Santiago walks off with it as he wants to say goodbye to it. We leave him be for a moment, which turns into a few minutes, and then almost 15 minutes pass.

Then we see Santiago appear from the mist near the lake again. A silhouette of some creature trods behind him toward us, but something seems off. There is something different about this creature, and as Santiago tries to convince us that he found a different creature while saying goodbye, we can see what he tried to do here.

The creature is the owlbear, but now wearing a coat, and its feathers have had a makeover, trying to fool us into thinking it is something it's not. A dragon's hoard was not enough, Santiago is also desperate to have this owlbear as a pet. God damn it Santiago...