# Session 24
**3 Hammer - Dark Duchess**

We all look at each other, scared shitless by this loud billowing voice speaking to us from on top of the ship. We can see this white scaled dragon head peering into the bowels of the ship, noticing our protective dome. It sniffs and scratches at the dome, then it tells us that it can smell us and hear our panicked heartbeats. The massive maw opens, trying to bite the bubble. The teeth screech against the outside as its unable to pierce though.

The dragon leaves us along for a bit, but we can still hear it stomping outside for a while, pacing around the ship. Possibly contemplating its next move. We discuss among ourselves to plan our way out of this. We lay out all the options on the table, all the magic we know, the weapons and gear we have with us. Finally, we cobble together something that resembles a plan, but we're going to need all the luck in the world to pull this off and get out alive.

First thing we had to do was to get some rest, as it had been a long day travelling here and dealing with the troll on the ship. Also, we needed all our strength to get this done, and we still had a couple of hours left on the dome to protect us from any harm while we try to do so.

**4 Hammer - Dark Duchess**

It was a rough night, as the dragon was still pacing outside. Scratching, pushing and pulling at the ship, seeing if there was a way to get to us. At some point, we though it had left when we didn't hear it for a short while anymore. But then, out of nowhere, we heard a loud splash coming from the sea. The ship then started to move, its wood creaking, as we figured the dragon was thumping the ice from beneath us, trying to break though to get to us.

[[Aust Rime|Aust]]'s part of the plan was up. Being an elf, he needs less rest than the rest of us, so he went ahead to prepare our escape. He begins writing a note mentioning the duergar constructing a metal dragon so they can defeat [[Arveiaturace]]. Then he starts melting enough ice to free all the treasure using a few cantrips.

Then as the rest of us woke up, we had to act fast as we only had limited time left on the protective dome. As we discussed in our plan, [[Santiago Cruz de los Santos, or Grok|Santiago]] casts a silencing spell to hide our actions from the dragon. When the spell is up, we start breaking through the ship's hull below us to reach the ice. Aust uses the same magic cantrip he used to melt the ice on the ice below us to try and create a tunnel, but its magic isn't potent enough to create a tunnel wide enough for us to fit through. 

While we rethink our options, I realise it is wide enough to drop my last fire grenade in it. The grenade tumbles down the ice tunnel and we brace for the explosion. The sensation is weird when the floor below us breaks and water, ice and wood splinters spew out of the hole. We look into the hole we just created and we come to the realisation that this part of the plan worked! There is now a tunnel through the ice, all the way to the sea below us.

The next part of the plan I was not fond of, but [[Aust Rime|Aust]] assured us this should work. [[Aust Rime|Aust]], [[Aedan]], [[Rotom Moonbane|Rotom]] and I climb down the icy hole, towards the sea water. Using some of his magic, Aust is able to manipulate the sea water to create a moving pocket of air underneath the ice, just large enough to hold the four of us. It's pretty cramped in the bubble, with a massive firbolg and and elf wearing plate. Rotom and I make ourselves as small as we possibly can to try and fit inside. Aust starts casting his magic and slowly but surely creates an icy tunnel through the sea water.

Back up in the ship, [[Santiago Cruz de los Santos, or Grok|Santiago]] and [[Kingsporth]] (or [[Kingsporth|Knobsworth]] as we've kept calling him) were trying to create a distraction for the dragon. The final part of the plan was for Santiago to teleport out of the bubble, and head south towards the orc outpost we had left from yesterday.

Under the ice, we slowly kept moving south through the tunnel Aust was creating for us. It was disorienting to travel like this through the water. Looking around us, we saw various sea creatures and schools of fish swimming by. Some of the creatures came closer to inspect us, and them swim away. At some point a couple of them started to show more interest in us, like they were eyeing up a tasty meal. That didn't last long, because for some reason they suddenly scattered and swam away quickly. Trying to figure out why, I looked back down the tunnel we came trough and then I spotted something I did not want to see. A massive white creature was swimming our way, following the very path of the tunnel we created through the sea water. [[Arveiaturace]] was on our tail, in fast pursuit of the thieves who took her treasure.

At the sight of this massive dragon coming straight for us, I start panicking and breathing heavily. Repeating over and over in a voice that got louder and louder as the dragon approached, I said that we had to get to the surface quickly. Out of my backpack I pulled a crowbar and started hacking at the ice on top of us, trying to dig a tunnel back up to the surface.



=============

The dragon is on top of us, sniffing at the bubble. Says it smells us, puts her giant teeth around the bubble, teeth screech against the bubble. We try to rest up as much as possible before we try to escape.

Aust wakes up first, preparing a distraction, trying to put the blame to the duergar, pointing out that they're building a chardalyn dragon to defeat [[Arveiaturace]]. Then Aust starts to melt as much as he can from the frozen dragon hoard.

As soon as Santiago wakes up, we discuss among ourselves what to do. We make a plan and set ourselves to it. Santiago casts Silence and we break through the hold. Fire bolt through the ice, drop down grenade. We drop down and leave Santiago. Aust makes a bubble under water with us four in it and 

Santiago teleports out of the ship as soon as we're clear of the ship.

We walk under water in the bubble tunnel and move south.