**15 Deep Winter - Bryn Shander**

We have been travelling for a while now and passed through Bremen to stock up on some food and rations for the journey ahead towards [[Bryn Shander]], [[Termalaine]] and [[Battlehammar Hold]]. 

After a few days we reach the outer gates of Bryn Shander, the largest town in [[Ten Towns]]. It's surrounded by a palisade, with guard towers near the entrances. As we pass through the gates and ride into town to find a tavern and a few shops, [[Rotom Moonbane|Rotom]] notices three kobolds ploughing snow outside the Kelvin's Comforts Inn. Rotom jumps down from her mountain goat and greets them, the kobolds immediately bowing to their queen. Rotom asks what they are doing and where the other two are. The kobolds reply that they're here with [[Speaker Oarus|Oarus]] who's in the tavern with the other two kobolds. Rotom thanks them and hands them a silver piece each. The kobolds gratefully thank Rotom and run inside the tavern, asking us to follow them to Oarus.

We dismount our mountain goats and tie them to a few posts outside the tavern and follow Rotom and her kobold pack inside the tavern. There, we see Oarus sitting at a table together with [[Shalheira]]. I greet them as we walk over to their table and they invite us to join them and talk about our recent adventures. Inside the tavern, we spot the other two kobolds belonging to Rotom's pack, helping out in the tavern bringing drinks and food to other patrons. Rotom waves them over, talks to them for a short bit and hands them each a silver coin too.

Oarus and Shalheira are here for the Council of Speakers, the periodical gathering of all Speakers of Ten Towns where they discuss recent events and future policy. One of the things they're here to discuss is the recent influx of people coming into Bryn Shander from other towns. Seemingly they're people who've fled the towns who are ruled by devout followers of the [[Creed of Auril]], trying to get away from the sacrifices and abysmal conditions under which they had to live. Most of the new folk here came from [[Caer-Dineval]] and [[Targos]], two towns with Speakers who we know are worshipers of [[Auril, The Frostmaiden|Auril]]. The council meeting is due tomorrow, but some speakers who trust each other have come early in town to discuss issues ahead of the council meeting.

We drink and talk for a bit and then leave Oarus and Shalheira to their business as we have our own business to attend to. Looking around town for some suitable places to offload our stolen dragon hoard, we find a couple of shops who take interest in some of our items. An art shop called Wondrous Treasures takes the more artistic items off of our hands, while a jeweller's shop by the name of Ithelor's Finery is keen to buy the various gems, jewelry and ivory carvings. It takes us a couple of hours of finding suitable shops and bartering for prices, but eventually we manage to get about 3350 gold pieces for the various items we sell.

On the way back to the Kelvin's Comforts Inn, I keep my eyes open for a leatherworker and find one called Gold Cask Leatherworks. Inside a couple of halflings are working on various pieces of clothing and armour. Taking out the various tentacles I still carry in my backpack, I ask the woman who's in charge if they can do anything with this. The vampiric mind flayer tentacles have shrivelled up quite a bit and have lost their usefulness. However, the [[Grell]] tentacles are still in a good enough condition to be added to Santiago's Tentacle Rod. She said that she could take a look and asks me to return tomorrow.

Asking around town for some other place to buy some upgraded equipment, there is no real magic item shop around Bryn Shander. Word is that there is an old adventurer however, who might be willing to sell some of his old gear from his adventuring days. Following the direction we got, we find ourselves near Bryn Shander's council hall. A couple of doors down the streets stands a small hovel that fits the description we got of the adventurer's home.

Knocking on the door and waiting for a reply, it takes a while for someone to answer the door. We hear some scuttling and shuffling inside, until eventually an older man opens the door. He introduces himself as [[Ren Eaves]] and asks us our business. When we tell him we're looking for some better gear to aid us in our adventuring, he invites us into his humble home and take a seat near the hearth to warm our limbs from the winter cold outside.

Taking our places near the hearth, the warmth it gives off is welcoming. Next to the hearth we see two bookcases filled to the brim with lots of books, some scrolls and various other items. As Ren sees us eyeing the books, he tells us they're his memoirs of his adventuring days. Among the books we spot some other items as well and Ren notices our interest. Asking us why we're there and what we're looking for, we say that we wanted to buy some magic items and folk around town told us that he's the one we had the best chance with.

Ren takes a long pondering look at all of us and the items in his bookcase. He says that he is willing to part with some of his items from his adventuring days and takes a few books, scroll and items from the bookcase. Laying some items before us, Ren shows us a small case first, telling us that is is a magical foldable boat that is able to hold about 13 people when assembled. Picking up the case it is surprisingly light for ai boat that is able to hold that many people. Ren states that he is willing to part with the boat for about 1200 gold pieces. [[Rotom Moonbane|Rotom]] starts to haggle a bit to try and lower the price, mentioning that we might want to buy more items from him. Ren says that the might be willing to do so and starts showing some stuff he owns.

Next Ren shows us a couple of potions. One gives us the strength of a frost giant, the other one grants incredible speed. [[Aust Rime|Rime]] notes that we already have the strengthening potion, but that he is interested in the potion of speed. Putting the potion of speed aside, Ren continues showing his various trophies from his adventuring days.

From the bookcase, Ren grabs a metal rod adorned with a head of a walrus on one end and a walrus' head on the other. Ren holds the rod out in front of him, presses a button and then lets go of the rod. The rod starts floating mid air, unmoving, unaffected by gravity! This seems like a useful tool, though we are not entirely sure in what way yet.

As the final item to show us, Ren grabs a piece of rope from a shelf and lays it in front of us on the floor. Speaking its command word, "Faemoira", the rope starts rising by itself and then stops when it reaches the ceiling. Tugging at the rope, Ren shows us that the rope can hold his weight while it's in the air like this. A very useful tool for when we need to climb somewhere fast and easy.

Gathering the items we were interested in, Ren starts thinking of appropriate prices for the items and eventually gives us a 350 gold discount on the total, selling the four items for a total of 1650 gold pieces.

Asking Ren about his previous adventures, [[Aust Rime|Rime]] inquires what he knows about [[Arveiaturace]] and the wizard on her back. Ren's eyes open a bit in surprise and asks if we know the dragon as well. Rime confirms, stating that we have encountered her and took a small hoard. Ren mentions that he knows the wizard by the name of Meltharond, apparently a wizard from [[Luskan]].

We thank Ren for his time and his business and head out, back towards the Kelvin's Comforts Inn. In the time that has passed, the tavern had gotten quite a bit busier as there were a few more sleds outside, seemingly from other Speakers who had arrived here.

Entering the tavern, we now see a silver dragonborn sitting at a table together with another woman, having a discussion. [[Aedan]] and [[Aust Rime|Rime]] recognize the dragonborn as [[Trovus]], the Speaker from [[Caer-Konig]].

Looking for a place to sit, we find a booth for ourselves for a bit of privacy and discuss our next plans. Rotom waves at one of her kobolds and asks if they would bring over some drinks and keep our mugs filled for the rest of our stay. The kobold acknowledges and comes back a short while later with a tray filled with mugs of mead and ale.

I inquire about the research plans that [[Vellynne Harpell|Vellynne]] wanted us to find on [[The Dark Duchess]] as I want to see if I can make something out of the plans. Rotom lays the plans out in front of us on the table and we take a look. The plans are written in a language neither of us know, but its drawings do portray something that resembles the description of a mythallar, a large spherical object that is an immensely powerful orb to channel magic to and from.

The dragon hoard also had another item that we haven't managed to take a good look at yet, the brass lockbox that matched one of the symbols of Rotom's moonstone keys. Rime and Rotom seem eager to open the lockbox and try to insert the matching moonstone key in its porthole, but Aedan manages to catch Rime's hand, stating that it might not be wise to open this in a crowded tavern. I agree with Aedan on this one, that we don't know what's inside or what could be unleashed when we open it. We inspect the box for a small moment and we notice that its locking mechanism is protected by magic to prevent it from being picked. Rime and Rotom are joined by Santiago in their curiosity, trying to convince Aedan and me that it will be fine. I shift myself to the edge of the booth, to get away from the box a bit while they open it.

Rotom takes the keychain with the moonstone keys from her backpack, finds a cylindrical key on it and inserts it in the lock situated on the top of the lockbox. Two metal panels on the top click open slowly and reveal white and black sand in the bottom of the box. After a few moments, we see ripples from in the sand as it starts to move around. Suddenly, the sand jumps up out of the box and slowly forms an image of a mountain. We then recognise the image as [[Kelvin's Cairn]] in white sand, with the black sand from a kind of root system below the mountain, converging into a shard-like object. We contemplate on it a bit, and we eventually come to the conclusion that the black sand is probably the chardalyn root system below the mountain. The shard itself could be the item that we've come to know as Crenshinibon, the source of all the chardalyn.

Seeing the glittering sand float through the air, Rotom starts moving her hand through the sand image. The white sand gives no resistance and looks like something of a floating liquid as her hand moves through it, reforming the image of the mountain shortly after. As her hand moves through the images and reaches the black sand, we can see her hand moving through it with more difficulty, slightly displacing part of the root system like the white sand. However, the black sand doesn't return to its former position and stays where it was moved to. 

Rime then suddenly look up in confusion and then back to the sand image, saying that Rotom should stop moving her hand through the sand. Rime says he felt a flight rumble, believing that the displacement of the black sand caused an actual shift of the chardalyn underground, and might have caused an earth quake. Rotom quickly but carefully removes her hand from the sand and reinserts the key into the lock to close the metal box again. The sand falls back into the bottom of the lockbox and the metal panels automatically close and click together again.

Santiago then spots Oarus at a table with a different woman this time. He walks over and introduces himself to the lady, who tells her name is [[Duvessa Shane]]. They talk a bit about the local problems around [[Ten Towns]] with the more zealous followers of [[Auril, The Frostmaiden|Auril]]. Eventually they both come over to our booth to continue the conversation with all of us.

[[Duvessa Shane]] asks us if we have been to [[Easthaven]]. We reply that we haven't been there recently, inquiring why she asks us about it. Duvessa is curious about a prisoner that they have brought with them for a trial and possible execution. We learn that the wizard's name is [[Dzaan]], and that she wants to learn of the reasons why they've brought him here. Rumour is that he is responsible for the deaths of another group of adventurers who he had sent to retrieve an item for him. Santiago asks if the group from Easthaven is staying in the Kelvin's Comforts Inn as well, but Duvessa tells us they're not in this tavern but in the Northlook Inn instead. We offer to head over and investigate, to see what the Easthaven company's business is with Dzaan.

We set out for the Northlook Inn that's on the other side of town and head inside. Rime stays outside to keep an eye out. Aedan heads straight for the bar, while Santiago, Rotom and I look around the other patrons to see if we can spot the Easthaven crowd. It's not busy at this time and it doesn't take long before we notice them. 

Heading over to a table next to theirs, Santiago flaunts his assless chaps not too subtle in one of their faces as he pulls back a chair and takes a seat. A woman turns around to him, asking if he could do that someplace else. A short discussion follows as Santiago starts inquiring who's asking, when the woman introduces herself as [[Imdra]], the head of the Easthaven militia, escorting Speaker Danneth Weylon and a prisoner.

Feigning our ignorance, we ask about the prisoner, why he's been taken into custody and what led up to them taking him all the way over here for the Council gathering. Apparently, Dzaan had sent a group of adventurers on a quest to retrieve an item for him, though not voluntarily. Rumour is that he used magic to charm the group to abide his request. Asking his name, they confirm that his name is [[Dzaan]]. When we mention that we've come across this name ourselves, we ask if we could have a quick word with him. They agree to let us talk to him and say that he is locked away in a room upstairs.

Rotom, Rime and me head upstairs and find a room with a single guard, who lets us inside. There we see an older man sitting on a wooden stool, hands and feet tied and a gag in his mouth. We ask the guard if we could speak with him and he removes the gag from his mouth. Asking what we are doing here, we reply that we wanted to have a chat with him as we have heard his name being mentioned before and were now curious why he was taken prisoner.

Dzaan explains that he found one of the spires of [[Ythrin]], where he sent a group of young adventurers on a quest to find an item useful to him to locate a titan. Specifically, Duur-Baaghaal the Dawn Titan. Its carcass apparently is a path into Ythrin and Dzaan wanted to find that entrance. Inquiring about the rumours for which he is taken prisoner, we learn that he indeed used a charming spell on the group of adventurers to do his bidding, which led to their untimely demise.

Addressing Rotom while explaining this situation, I notice that Rotom suddenly starts to cower in a corner, when I notice a strange tremor in Dzaan's voice. Recognising this as Dzaan casting a spell, I quickly take out my crossbow, imbue it with a rite and aim it at his head, demanding that he does not do that trick again. The guard in the room is startled at my sudden reaction, seemingly not having noticed him casting a spell. Dzaan is then gagged again by the guard, unable to speak anymore, or cast spells for that matter.

Only able to answer simpler yes/no questions, I continue my interrogation. As I'm pretty sure he is looking for the elemental lantern, I take it out from my backpack and hold it out in front of me. Asking if that is the item he is looking for, his eyes grow wide and he starts nodding slowly. Still having some unanswered questions, I ask Dzaan if he will play nicely again and not cast any spells anymore, to which Dzaan agrees. The guard is having none of it however and refuses to remove the gag again.

We conclude our interrogation and head back downstairs again and rejoin Aedan and Santiago and have another round of drinks as we discuss what we learned.

Rime takes up position outside again, when he suddenly notices chanting and the ringing of bells in the distance. Torch light inside and outside the tavern begins to flicker and subside a bit as we start hearing the chiming bells as well. Recognising this as a procession of the [[Creed of Auril]], he keeps a close eye on them. Gesturing us over, we all gather outside the tavern entrance and look on the procession as they move through town. The procession is not welcomed by all, as some townsfolk stand in their doorways looking onto them while wielding clubs and daggers. Rime mentions that he has seen these processions end in riots before.

The air in Bryn Shander seems to grow ever so cold as this procession moves slowly through town...