We're standing in a crossroads of alleyways behind the Northlook Inn, looking onto the procession. Villagers have come out of their homes, some wielding daggers and clubs, angrily muttering and cursing at the followers of the [[Creed of Auril]]. Too close for comfort, [[Rotom Moonbane|Rotom]] is standing in front of the dwarf leading the Creed's procession through [[Bryn Shander]], staring him dead in the eye after just having demanded they return the food to the villagers. "I have just had enough of you", shouts the dwarf at Rotom while reaching for his sword and slowly beginning to draw it. From behind the dwarf, I aim my crossbow at him, telling him to seriously reconsider. [[Aedan]] stands beside me, also nocking an arrow on his bow, telling the dwarf to stand down so nobody gets hurt.

A chilling moment passes, the cold winter's wind blowing in our faces as we anxiously await the dwarf's reaction. The dwarven leader then can't contain his anger anymore and draws an ornate scimitar of seemingly elven making, immediately attacking Rotom while shouting at his crew to engage all bystanders. Aedan's arrow just barely misses, clanking off of his armour. My crossbow bolt hits true, striking him in his side. Rotom immediately goes in for the counterattack, slashing at the dwarf with her shortsword and dagger.

[[Santiago Cruz de los Santos, or Grok|Santiago]] then comes with a display we have not seen before of him, as he casts a wall of fire surrounding the suddenly turned aggressive members of the procession. A few acolytes at the back scream out in agony as they're immediately turned to cinders in the blaze.

One of the two priests behind the dwarf breaks off from the group, escaping the fire, and heads straight for Santiago, grabbing him by his throat and casting a spell. Black energy shoots from the priest's hands, and Santiago cries out in pain as the veins in his neck blacken.

Two acolytes run towards the villages in the back alley and start fighting with the mob. One of them blasts the villagers with freezing magic, instantly freezing four of the six villagers there. Aedan notices this fighting in the alleyway and tries to put a stop to this by casting Web, trapping the two acolytes and one unfortunate villager as well.

Seeing the dwarf thrashing Rotom about, [[Aust Rime|Rime]] jumps in between them and starts mauling the dwarf, giving Rotom cover with his shield.




===================

**16 Deep Winter - Bryn Shander**

Procession is based in Lady of Winter's chapel. Dwarf is called Ashton, and is number two of this group. Leader is Amanator, elven woman, long blond hair. Santiago interrogates the

Rime picks up dwarven sword, talking sword named Harshnag.

Rotom spots kobold, Zirk, in tavern wielding a piece of metal. She asks where they find it and what it is. It's a large silver buckle. Rotom meets Aldrik, one of the healers in Ten Towns.

Santiago and I visit the leatherworker, but whip is not ready yet.

We go to the barracks to talk to Sheriff Markham to explain our fight of last night.

Afterwards we go to council meeting. Building of basalt stone, long hall. We climb wooden stairs up to the first floor, where we meet Oarus. Tells us to be wary of some of the folk around here.

There is a circular wooden table for the speakers with an open space in the middle, with benches around it for the public.

Speakers present:

- Dorbulgruf Shalescar - Bremen. Shield Dwarf.  - Neutral
- Duvessa Shane - Bryn Shander.  Human woman. - Positive
- Crannoc Siever - Caer Dineval.  Human man. - Negative
- Trovus - Caer Konig. Dragonborn. - Neutral
- Danneth Waylen - Easthaven. Human man. - Negative
- Nimsy Huddle - Lonelywood.  Halfling woman. - Positive
- Naerth Maxildanarr - Targos. Human man. - Negative
- Oarus Masthew - Termalaine. Half-orc - Positive
- Speaker of Dougan's Hole didn't show up.
- Other speaker died.

Duvessa introduces the meeting. Long agenda:
- Lonelywood starts with the case of the Frozen Roses. 
- Easthaven case of judgement of [[Dzaan]]
- Termalaine case for foodstuffs. 
- Thefts in Easthaven. 
- Insane squatters in Caer-Dineval.

First the case of the Frozen Roses. Duvessa introduces the case. Shalheira explains their position and reasons why they exist. Started stealing because of the deaths of their partners, due to the recent sacrifices. 
Shalheira points to us that we helped them get rid of old management. 
Danneth Waylen stands up, says that we shouldn't immediately trust us band of heroes and a band of criminals that has been stealing from around Ten Towns.
Santiago stands up and gives a rebuttal about Easthaven also starving there and them not doing anything about it.
Rime walks into the opening open space in the table and gives a speech that we should be not be fighting among ourselves because of desperation.
Crowd starts clapping and shouting, other speakers as well. Danneth then nods to Rime, acknowledging him being part of our group.
The council carries the motion to agree to the terms of The Frozen Roses and form a friendly alliance.

Danneth Waylen stands up for the next case, the case of Dzaan's sentence. Lays out the case that the wizard coerced a group of young adventurers with magic and sent them to their death. Danneth wants to cast for a vote to sentence Dzaan to his death.
Santiago proposes to pull some answers out of Dzaan using torture.
Aedan stands up and agrees with Santiago, although use less violent matters.
Captain of Easthaven takes Dzaan into the light, and thinks that we should execute Dzaan. But also agrees that we should interrogate him.
Crowd looks at us what knowledge Dzaan could possibly have that we should at least spare his life for some time.
The door to the hall flies open, snow flies in.Vellynne shows up, carrying a spherical object under her arm. Vellynne asks if we killed Dzaan already, and says that we should use Dzaan's knowledge. She unpacks the spherical object, showing the Summer Star. She speaks a command word and the orb lights up, filling the hall with light and warmth.
Vellynne points out that there is a bigger mythallar in [[Ythrin]], that we could use to solve [[Ten Towns]]' problems.