# Session 26
**16 Deep Winter - Bryn Shander**

Rotom stands in front of the dwarf leading the procession, trying to stop them in their track and telling them to stop taking food from poor folk. The dwarf starts pulling his sword from his hilt, telling Rotom that he's had enough of her.

Seeing this, I ready my crossbow and yell at the dwarf that he should reconsider. Aedan stands beside me, nocking an arrow in his longbow. The dwarf doesn't comply and starts slashing at Rotom with a large ornate scimitar, which seems like an elven sword.

Santiago creates a magical wall of fire around the procession, instantly burning 4 acolytes.

Acolyte walks up to Santiago, wrapping his hands around his neck and casting a spell, causing Santiago's veins in his neck

Procession is based in Lady of Winter's chapel. Dwarf is called Ashton, and is number two of this group. Leader is Amanator, elven woman, long blond hair. Santiago interrogates the

Rotom spots kobold, Zirk, in tavern wielding a piece of metal. She asks where they find it and what it is. It's a large silver buckle. Rotom meets Aldrik, one of the healers in Ten Towns.

Santiago and I visit the leatherworker, but whip is not ready yet.

We go to the barracks to talk to Sheriff Markham to explain our fight of last night.

Afterwards we go to council meeting. Building of basalt stone, long hall. We climb wooden stairs up to the first floor, where we meet Oarus. Tells us to be wary of some of the folk around here.

There is a circular wooden table for the speakers with an open space in the middle, with benches around it for the public.

Speakers present:

- Dorbulgruf Shalescar - Bremen. Shield Dwarf.  - Neutral
- Duvessa Shane - Bryn Shander.  Human woman. - Positive
- Crannoc Siever - Caer Dineval.  Human man. - Negative
- Trovus - Caer Konig. Dragonborn. - Neutral
- Danneth Waylen - Easthaven. Human man.  - Negative
- Nimsy Huddle - Lonelywood.  Halfling woman. - Positive
- Naerth Maxildanarr - Targos. Human man. - Negative
- Oarus Masthew - Termalaine. Half-orc - Positive
- Speaker of Dougan's Hole didn't show up.
- Other speaker died.

Duvessa introduces the meeting. Long agenda:
- Lonelywood starts with the case of the Frozen Roses. 
- Easthaven case of judgement. 
- Termalaine case for foodstuffs. 
- Thefts in Easthaven. 
- Insane squatters in Caer-Dineval.

First the case of the Frozen Roses. Duvessa introduces the case. Shalheira explains their position and reasons why they exist. Started stealing because of the deaths of their partners, due to the recent sacrifices. 
Shalheira points to us that we helped them get rid of old management. 
Danneth Waylen stands up, says that we shouldn't immediately trust us band of heroes and a band of criminals that has been stealing from around Ten Towns.
Santiago stands up and gives a rebuttal about Easthaven also starving there and them not doing anything about it.
Rime walks into the opening open space in the table and gives a speech that we should be not be fighting among ourselves because of desperation.
Crowd starts clapping and shouting, other speakers as well. Danneth then nods to Rime, acknowledging him being part of our group.
The council carries the motion to agree to the terms of The Frozen Roses and form a friendly alliance.

Danneth Waylen stands up for the next case, the case of Dzaan's sentence. Lays out the case that the wizard coerced a group of young adventurers with magic and sent them to their death. Danneth wants to cast for a vote to sentence Dzaan to his death.
Santiago proposes to pull some answers out of Dzaan using torture.
Aedan stands up and agrees with Santiago, although use less violent matters.
Captain of Easthaven takes Dzaan into the light, and thinks that we should execute Dzaan. But also agrees that we should interrogate him.
Crowd looks at us what knowledge Dzaan could possibly have that we should at least spare his life for some time.
The door to the hall flies open, snow flies in.Vellynne shows up, carrying a spherical object under her arm. Vellynne asks if we killed Dzaan already, and says that we should use Dzaan's knowledge. She unpacks the spherical object, showing the Summer Star. She speaks a command word and the orb lights up, filling the hall with light and warmth.
Vellynne points out that there is a bigger mythallar in [[Ythrin]], that we could use to solve [[Ten Towns]]' problems.