# Session 27

I ask around for Avarice, [[Crannoc Siever]] stands up, speaker for [[Caer-Dineval]]. Mentions that he has been thrown out of his fortress. Avarice has a tiefling cult, worshiping devils. Wearing strange metal things around their neck, worshiping Levistus, a devil. The speaker is a zealous man, is a follower of Auril. Heard tales about Crannoc forcing people to sleep with their doors open to sacrifice heat. Avarice and tieflings showed up armed, threw him out.

[[Vellynne Harpell|Vellynne]] knows Avarice from the [[Arcane Brotherhood]], stops at nothing to get what she wants. Probably misled some people to gain favour with all of them, using her tiefling appearance. Vellynne walks over to Dzaan, asking him to write down the plans. Vellynne then casts Suggestion to make him write, and he does so.

Dzaan wants to use the lantern, to find a frozen leviathan in the Reghed glacier. Path to [[Ythrin]]. Dzaan asked to fetch a book from [[Grimskalle]], book need to open the jaws of the titan. Then walk to centre of [[Ythrin]].

We have three options to continue:
- Go to sea of moving ice to get to Grimskalle
- Avarice at Caer-Dineval
- Visit the spire in the ice with [[Vellynne Harpell|Vellynne]]

Avarice is magic hungry, ever since they started researching [[Ythrin]] and the ancient Netherese civilisation. First time Vellynne hears that Avarice worships devils. Vellynne does say she is a very selfish person, but not truly evil.

Council moves on executing [[Dzaan]] as they believe he has shared what he knows now.

We find [[Crannoc Siever]], to ask about [[Avarice]]. Some of the tieflings have been walking around town carrying burlap sacks from the harbour back to the fortress. Didn't look smooth, looked like it contained crude objects, presumably something like metal.

Rime has a contact in [[Caer-Dineval]], [[Yselm Bloodfang]], an ex-tribe member from the Reg