# Session 28
Aedan stands in the door towards Avarice's study, as she is questioning his identity with the question: "Aren't you a bit tall for Kadroth?". Aedan drops his spell and introduces us as he steps inside the room.

Avarice asks us what brings us to her and we explain our situation, that we want to find a path to [[Ythrin]]. She wants to go there too, and she asks for our reason to go there. We tell her that we want to find a mythallar there to stop the Endless Winter.

Mythallar ancient type of device, no one knows how the Netherese came up with it. Usually a crystal ball, quite large. Uses the excess power of the Weave to make the city of [[Ythrin]] float.

I show Avarice the lantern, she fetches a cylindrical device with a white lock from a room to the north. When she comes back with the device, Rotom's keys start to glow. She looks and there is a new key, glowing with blue energy. As Rotom moves closer to the device, the key solidifies more into an intricate decorated golden key. Avarice wants to take a look at the key, but it'll cost us. 250gp worth of incense, that she has, but we'll have to reimburse her. Rotom tries to cut a deal for 200gp, to which Avarice eventually agrees, if we'll do the expedition to [[Ythrin]] together.

She calls for a bird to find Kadroth and bring her the incense. Kadroth enters the mess hall from his study, sees the woman we tied under the table inside the silence bubble, sighs visibly but inaudibly, looks up and sees Santiago and Rime flipping him off. Kadroth brings in the incense and Avarice tells him off for not letting us see her.

With the incense, Avarice starts the ritual casting of Legend Lore, which would tell us more information about the history and workings of Rotom's keys. The ritual takes a while, most of us stay in the room to watch the ritual, but Santiago starts wandering about.

I look about the room, looking for some notes. She wants to nail chardalyn into the ice with the device she brought in the middle. The device is a "discharge cylinder", and I can gather from the notes that this device has the power of about a thousand magical missile spells, so this could be used as a kind of bomb. She probably wants to use this to blast through the ice to reach the titan frozen below the ice.

Santiago eventually turns up in the hallway pushing around a dwarven on a rocking chair, and starts shouting that she does not want to be taken back to Zardaroch Sunblight, because he is insane. Dragging the rocking chair down, towards the mess hall. She introduces herself as Hethyl and tells us she was to intend to marry Zardaroch Sunblight but does not wish to do so anymore. Zardaroch has a fortress, in the Spine of the World. That one is the father of [[Nildar Sunblight]] and a brother, Durth Sunblight. Zardaroch wishes to rule over Icewind Dale and intends to do so using a dragon they're building. Hethyl reveals that he is building the dragon in his fortress.

Upstairs, Rotom and Rime see Avarice is starting to prepare an expedition by packing stuff in bags. We start preparing as well.

Rime learns that Hethyl knows about the frost giants as well, and asks her about it. She knows the frost giants are a tribe of raiders. They raid settlements of goliaths and kobolds living in the mountains. She knows the frost giant fortress and the base of operations for the [[Creed of Auril]] are on the same island, and so there seems to have been some kind of alliance between them.

We prepare our expedition in search of the Dawn Titan and gather our things. 

Avarice's party: six cultists, Kadroth, lady and Avarice. Brings a sled with a hunking heap of chardalyn metal on top of it.

As Vellynne walks into the inner courtyard, Avarice turns to Aedan and says "So this is the one you told me about yesterday." Avarice and Vellynne introduces themselves to each other, and chuckle at each other as Santiago tries to break the ice, and they mention in a hushed voice that Santiago might be getting himself killed.

Then Avarice mentions to Vellynne about Rotom's keys that she inspected yesterday, and Vellynne then turns to Rotom. Vellynne mentions that they were her keys at some point, Rotom mentions that they were just lying on some table when she found them. Vellynne says they are a family heirloom that she inherited from her grandfather, who was also a wizard. Rotom then asks if Vellynne _hypothetically_ also experienced any visions or dreams. Vellynne then asks if Rotom *hypothetically* had any dreams about a *hypothetical* crystalline palace where the floor *hypothetically* falls from under her feet, which Rotom then *hypothetically* confirms.

We leave Caer-Dineval and set out into the wilderness of Icewind Dale. The weather is truly horrible, the snow and wind pick up and turns into a terrible blizzard. Aedan is leading the expedition and tries to navigate us through the frozen landscape, to no avail. Eventually, he calls for the expedition to halt and set out for camp to wait out the blizzard.

A creature walks by at the edge of our vision. Aedan notices that it's a large owlbear, who approaches the cultist's sled and starts tearing through the tarp, looking for food. Rime tries to blast it with a fire bolt, but it misses. Rotom walks out with her kobolds and tries to intimidate the owlbear by ordering her kobolds to form a pyramid. Four kobolds hold on to each other, three other kobolds aren't successful into holding on to each other and fall to the ground, one of them hurling towards the owlbear in the howling blizzard. The owlbear doesn't really seem to be impressed and walks towards the fallen kobold, trying to bite at it. It misses the kobold twice, and the kobolds manages to escape and reach Rotom's pack again. The owlbear takes another look at this display of kobold ferociousness and decides it is not worth the risk.

Rotom finds Vellynne during the trip and asks her about the keys. Vellyne asks what the keys have been doing for Rotom, then Rotom mentions that the keys glow near powerful artifacts. Rotom then also mentions a dream about a tower, a voice, and a breaking floor, and that she doesn't know what it means. Vellynne mentions that she has had a similar dream when she came to Icewind Dale, and that there was a voice asking if [[Vellynne Harpell|Vellynne]] was going to rescue it. Rotom tells her that she learned that the one place that has any towers in the region, is [[Ythrin]]. She doesn't know if it is the Ninth Tower the creature in the dream mentioned. Vellynne assures Rotom that she intends to find out more as well, as we head towards the broken off tower of [[Ythrin]].

We have a quiet day of travel and set up camp. Aedan takes first watch, and spots during his watch on the edge of the horizon a pack of mammoths, with large creatures mounted on top of them. He recognises the creatures as frost giants mounted on mammoths. Rotom takes second watch, and notices the wind picking up, and the light of the aurora dims a bit as the protective bubbles gets partially covered with snow and clouds arrive.
Rime takes last watch, but nothing of note is to be seen or heard.

Rime navigates us over a frozen river, guiding each sled one by one over the river. The ice creaks and sings as it ruptures somewhat under the heavy weight of the sleds, but it keeps together.

We reach a large flat plane of ice, free of snow, with two massive peaks of ice protruding from it. Something seems off about this place, as this has been used before to use as fishing lake. No one of us seems to notice anything out of the ordinary, so we ask the two wizards with us. Vellynne takes a look and figures someone is controlling the weather over here. Rime notices a hare hopping over the ice, rather scared, and casts a spell to commune with the hare. The hare is confused and really scared. Rime steps onto the ice to get the hare, but then seems confused, like he is lost.

Rime takes out his newly found sword, and asks it what's going on. The sword mentions that it's Chiselbone and that he has to get out of there immediately. The sword guides Rime back towards us. This place is controlled by Chiselbone, a hag, legendary among frost giant kind. Rime emerges from the lake with the hare on his shoulder. Santiago walks up to Rime, and asks if the bunny can be eaten.

I lean in and say, "Hypothetically, yes".