# Session 29

Two frost giants on mammoths charge at us from the icy plane, the giants and mammoths look crazed, shouting at us.

I grow in size using my empowered blood.

Both charge at us, trying to trample Rime and me.

Frost giant has two large gauntlets, made of white dragon scale. We also take the mammoth tusks.

We reach

Yerthid calls out to me. Something is off, there is a presence. Looking around the camp, I only notice that there is a slight red hue, with a baleful red star glowing in the sky. Yerthid tells me a presence is somewhere to the north. I sneak out and walk up the snowdrift.

Avarice in circle of red runes and candles, in some kind of ritual. Recognise some of the symbols, dealing with creatures from the Far Realm. I disturb Avarice's ritual to see what she is doing. She is communing with her deity. Asking what she was talking about, she doesn't immediately tell. It takes a bit of convincing, but eventually she says she is asking for guidance how to find Duur'Bagaal the Dawn titan's carcass.

We need to be looking for large frozen over waterfall, near mouths of frozen over river.

Yerthid still notices a presence, same presence as with Omareth and the moths.

After half a days of travel, we see a metal structure appear through the blizzard, protruding from the snow.

Avarice says that she has been inside and cleared the first two levels. Rotom's keychain glows and shows an extra key. She finds a locked door and tries her new key on the door and the door opens. Inside the room, we can see everything is upside down.

There is a long stone hallway, two upside down statues, wooden door. We follow a few hallways until we reach two doors and a staircase, stairs on the ceiling.

We find a room, chest bolted to the ceiling. Another key on Rotom's chain appears and she inserts into the chest's lock, and then it opens. The lid falls open and feels pretty heavy. Rime and Rotom try to slowly open the chest and Rotom spots a vial. She carefully reaches in for the potion. Also, in there is a robe, crimson colour, golden thread, thick. Smells of brimstone.

Santiago tells both of the items are magical. Vellynne casts Identify on both of the items. Potion of Cold Resistance. Cape of the Mountebank.

Aedan, Rime and I explore more of the tower. We reach the topmost room, which looks like a library. There is a tunnel down through the ceiling now turned floor, and then goes deeper into the ice. The room is completely silent, we don't hear footsteps, rustling or talking. Aedan finds a couple of books on Netheril.

Aedan and I go down the tunnel. Sound comes back again and we continue exploring. Reading room, broken table, window peering out into tightly packed dirt.