# Session 30

The frost worm is standing high above us, Santiago, Dzaan, Rotom and me stunned by its shrieking scream that still echoes in our heads.

Frost worm attacks and swallows Santiago.

Aust hits twice, Aedan fires bows.

Rest of us still stunned.

Aust hits frost worm _hard_, taking quite a large chunk out of its flesh. 

Santiago's ghost unpossesses his orc body and hits the orc to snap out of the stun, to no avail.

We defeat the worm as Rotom shoots a couple of arrows down its throat.

Aust attacks Dzaan's simulacrum, and kills him with two slashes. Dzaan falls into a pile of snow.

We scout this floor, and find a necklace with some symbols inscribed on it. Necklace is magical, and some magical energy is pulsing in and out from the altar. Eight pointed star on altar, first goddess of magic, Mistral.

Santiago finds the altar is magical, Mistral's Magic Aura. The persistent magic of the spell has started to wane after ages of deterioration. Santiago touches the magic symbol of the statue, a blue flash appears, and a glass flask with blue shining liquid apparates on top of the upside down statue and starts dropping. Rotom and Santiago jumps towards the flask to catch it, and only just do.

Vellynne identifies the flask as a liquid that when you drink it, you permanently gain the ability to cast minor illusions.

Amulet coupled to construct, allows control over creature, no idea where or what that creature is.

Rotom downs the flask and attempts to prank Santiago.

I look at the frost worm and see if there is something interesting to harvest from it. I find a couple of teeth that seem pretty useful, as big as my forearms. Great source of ivory. Also find bile, that feels cold to the touch. I harvest some from its throat and put it in a container. Has the ability to enhance damage output of a weapons or some ammunition with cold and acid damage.

We go down the tunnel, and find a room with broken chairs, tables and glasses. 

Aust and Aedan explore the rooms. Upside down bed. Partially broken mirror in a cracked stone frame. Human skeleton, rime covered,  in tattered shreds of a night gown.

Santiago finds an invisible chest, Rotom opens it. Leatherbound book, symbol on it matches the symbol of the amulet.

Room with interconnected runes and cracks. Crystal disc. Figures appears. Vellynne grabs orb, asks it to translate. Tells us that whatever illusion is cast on the dish, will become real.

Rotom casts a minor illusion of a squirrel on the disc, a jolt flashes from all of us, and the squirrel comes to life. Rotoms tries again on a pile of platinum coins, and coins starts to apparate one by one. The first one falls to the ground and Rotom's eyes grow wide as she realizes it looks like this is working, but as soon as the second coin falls, halfway down it stops midair.