**Rotom's dream**

Pale marble floor with black veins, rime on it. Looks up, 300ft high ceiling. Place is huge, alien architecture. Black obelisk, 60ft. Surface marred, covered in arcane runes. Crack in the obelisk, from the base to the middle.

A figure stands near the obelisk, steward of Ythrin.

Rotom has to activate the obelisk to save all of "us" -> people of Ythrin.

Figure mentions ring of keys, looking for them. Rotom shows them, figure mentions that the keys are of their salvation. The ninth tower in the city of Ythrin. Dream takes place in the ninth tower. Rotom asks how to get there and what to do there. To get there, Rotom must pass through... Something he can't think of.

Caverns lead to the city, in a glacier. Ice all around them. Rotom's close to one of the towers, she needs to finds the ninth one. City was powered by a large orb, mythallar.

Rotom asks what we should look out for, steward mentions we should watch out for the crone, woman with an owl face.

Once we get to the ninth tower, find its peak. Large setting stone there, of brilliant white marble. In it is a keyhole, use moonstone keys to turn the lock. Only then will obelisk be able to activate to save the city, at last.

Rotom suddenly stands alone in this room. Calls out for the rest of us, calls echo in the tower. Completely alone.

Rotom investigates the obelisk for a keyhole. No keyhole present, completely covered in runes. As Rotom walks around the obelisk, she finds a couple familiar runes. Tries to memorise the runes. Touches the obelisk, no reaction. Architecture around the obelisk is alien and unfamiliar.

A large, purple, faceless creature comes charging at Rotom, and rows and rows of teeth open up from its belly to bite at her...

The Rotom wakes up in cold sweat. Screams about many teeth, coming for us. Also mutters stuff about a tower, obelisk and saving people.

Santiago and I try to get Rotom to make some sense.

Obelisk: familiar, matches one in mountain.

Save people of Ythrin, even though city fell down ages ago. Rotom belives there are people there that need saving.

**Aedan's books**

Vellynne helps Aedan translate the books. The professor orb translates the titles of the books, most of them not really interesting.

Taught magic to the cloud giants of Astoria in a bygone empire. Details how magic of Netheril came about, how they became a powerful magocracy. Scrolls are a build up to that power, magic not safe for mortals, but the Netherese managed to acquire them and utilise their power.

Ventatost, collections of stories and conspiracy theory. Netherese city that was disintegrated entirely. Drawing of obelisk matching what Rotom described. Obelisk was source of disintegration.

**First day of travel, clear day**

Santiago travels next to the tiefling and slowly starts agonising Avarice, to try and see if she gives up something in anger. Avarice manages to keep her calm, but Kadroth has more trouble. He tries to figure out Avarice's intentions, Santiago spots her glancing at me a few times. At some point, Avarice has had enough of him and finally banishes his axe beak out from under him and he falls into the snow.

Santiago polymorphs himself to run up to me and mentions this. I tell Santiago about Avarice's ritual, communing with Levistus, and that she knows that I know. Might be why she's glancing over at me all  the time.

Avarice says the she was communing with Levistus to ask for better directions. Could take 20 days to traverse Reghed Glacier from south to north.

**Second day, blizzard picks up pretty heavy.**

Santiago starts casting the tiny hut to shelter from the storm, but before he manages to finish the spell, all but me get blown away.

Rime hears a voice in his mind from his sword, "I don't know where the rest is, but one is to the right". Rime moves in that direction and finds Aedan.

In the distance, I can see Avarice, a soft blue glow coming from her staff.

I can hear Rotom's horn, blasting it to call out her position.

Invoking my rite on my crossbow so it starts glowing red, I hold it in the air as a beacon for others to see and start calling out, while walking in Rotom's direction.

Santiago dimension doors towards Avarice. Sees a creature with hellish blue eyes in the distance, a cracking voice saying "little pests, can't leave an old woman alone".

Aedan and Rime group up and walk back in the direction the were blasted from, ignoring Rotom's horn.

Santiago sees a massive fiend hand being cast by Avarice, bursting from the snow.

Vellynne puts her eye patch up and starts casting a spell.

Rotom casts a beeping sound to signal her position.

I keep moving in the direction I was walking in and pick up the pace.

Santiago still sees the blue eyes staring at him. Tries to message Rotom, but she's too far away.

Vellynne tries see into the storm with arcane eye, but something blasts her back into the snow, puts hand over her eye and writhes in pain.

Rime casts firebolt towards the blue eyes and hits it, for a small amount of damage.

Aedan fires two arrows and hits twice.

A snowy female figure then teleports near Aedan and Rime, it is [[Auril, The Frostmaiden]]!

Rotom blasts the horn again.

I run towards Rotom again, I can hear some beeping now and I pick up the pace towards her.

Auril tries to cast a spell on Aedan, but he manages to resist it. Then, Auril disperses into a cloud of snowflakes and seems to disappear.

The blizzard dies down very suddenly and the sky clears up. As it dies down, I stop in my tracks at the sudden change and start looking around. I can see Rotom a short bit away from me, the others 300ft away. Rotom cries out that she's cold and was lost. I wrap my cloak around her and walk her back to the group.

We regroup, heal and assess what just happened.

Vellynne's eye had been replaced by a ball of ice. She melts it with prestidigitation and it leaves behind an empty eye socket.

Rotom walks up to me and again affirms that we should listen to her whenever she has one of these dreams. I say to her that I believe her now and that we should heed her warnings.

Two cultists are nowhere to be seen, one is pulled out from under the snow, one has hit a rock and snapped his neck.

Avarice wants to do a ritual to send him on his way to Levistus.

**Third day of travel**

We find a camp site, dozen tents arranged in a ring, large clustered tent in the middle. No creatures to be seen, aside from some birds, vultures. A camp fire still burns, and we carefully approach the camp. Dozens of bodies here, a massacre happened.

These are Reghed barbarians, killed and already looted. People are wearing the garb of the wolf tribe. One of four major Reghead tribes, others are Bear, Elk and Tiger tribes.

Rime finds out that these barbarians were assassinated, stabbed to death.

Aedan suddenly hears a soft sobbing coming from under a collapsed tent, a small boy no older than eight, grasping his knees and sobbing. Aedan tries to comfort the boy and asks what happened. As the kid looks at Aedan, the boy becomes a different kind of scared and coils up in his bed.

Santiago grabs Knobsworth out from his backpack and urges him to comfort the kid. Knobsworth manages to get one word out of the kid:

"Kireath" -> Bringer of death