# Session 32

Santiago sends in Knobsworth to the child to comfort him, but the kid is still staring scared at Aedan. Aedan walks out the tent and Santiago manages to comfort the kid a bit and learns that the kid was scared of Aedan's moths, carries around souls of the dead.

Meanwhile, Rime talks to the vultures to learn more about what happened. Neither of them have seen [[Auril, The Frostmaiden|Auril]] around, fortunately for them.

Santiago comes out with the kid, still scared. Santiago brings him forward, 

A howl is heard over the camp, but the howl is not something animal. Voice calls out for "ARRIX!". Kid cowers in fear hearing that. I scout ahead, I see four humans walking in the direction the camp. Leather pants, bare chested, one wearing a dire wolf skin.

Barbarians look inhuman, pieces of chardalyn infused in their bodies, their faces and eyes torn with rage.

Marauder leader and berserker run up to Aedan and me, another one to Rime.

Santiago and Rotom are dealing with the kid inside Santiago's magical dome. Rotom is interrogating the kid about who he is, what happened and why we are getting killed over him. Rotom in the end asks the kid, who is apparently the only one left of his kin and thus the king of his tribe, to swear fealty to her.

Santiago dreams. His spirit watches Grok, his body, leaves with a naked Avarice towards a cliff face. Avarice wields a dagger while Grok voluntarily plants his face in the snow. Avarice starts chanting in a language Santiago never understood before, but now can clearly hear. Avarice says a prayer to Delban with the intent to sacrifice Grok to [[Delban]], to help free Thu'ruun, a herald for Delban.

> 
> As the darkness takes you, Santiago, the sudden switch from a nice and warm environment to blistering cold wakes you. As you slowly open your eyes you can see that Grok, your body, has moved outside of the dome and is following a completely naked Avarice to a cliffs edge. The cold doesn't seem to harm her at all.
> 
> The exterior is bathed in a baleful red light and high in the sky, piercing through the clouds and burning its way through the aurora is a solitary red star.
> 
> Avarice is holding a black reflective dagger in one hand and is pointing to the ground with the other. Grok, seemingly voluntarily, lies down with his face in the snow. 
> 
> Over the howling winds, Avarice starts talking in tongues and for some reason, you understand everything. 
> 
> "Star of Ice and Hate, I beseech you. Hear my pleads as I aim to do your bidding! Delban, oh ancient one, accept this sacrifice as we seek your lost herald Thu'ruun. Accept this sacrifice as we aim to bring glory to your name and bring Crenshinibon to its crescendo!"
> 
> There's a brief red flare in the sky as you see the Grok, lying face down in the snow, suddenly veers up. The tentacle whip tied around his wrist and lashing out at Avarice leaving behind five distinct lacerations over her cheek and right shoulder. 
> 
> In a deep and guttural voice, Grok says; 
> "You cannot sacrifice what I already puppet. Your campaign to free my herald has taken long enough. My patience grows thin. Thu'ruun must be freed."
> 
> Avarice sits in the snow, defeated, with one hand on her lacerations, as Grok comes walking back to the dome.
> 

We wake up the next day and Rotom and Santiago tell us about the kid having sworn fealty to Rotom.

We see Avarice leaving her tent with a wound on her face. Drags Santiago by his shirt and talks to him about the dream. How he came into service of Delban. Santiago bullshits his way out of this by saying that he has been in service for some time now. Avarice casts a spell to suggest that Santiago does not mention Delban to her followers.

Aedan asks Rotom to come over and asks about the kid being scared of moths, if the kid mentioned why he's afraid of Aedan's moths. Rotom asks the kid and he says that there are many moths around a cave near a frozen waterfall in a river bank. The cave is called the Cave of Hunger. People go there and die, souls leaving their bodies. This rings a bell, as Avarice told us a few days earlier we need to find a frozen waterfall as there's the entrance we need to find.

The kid tells that the Elk tribe is at war with the Tiger tribe. Tiger tribe is always near the waterfall, protect it for [[Auril, The Frostmaiden]]. Isa Kronenstorm had a falling out with Arrix' father, Tisvald. Disagreed the use of black metal.