# Session 34
We stand in front of the blasted open waterfall and massive opening now stands tall before us, leading into the caverns.

Ceilings and walls are covered in webbing, looks natural. We find a crashed ship in an opening of the cavern.

I walk up to the ship and start inspecting it. Design work of crashed ship is beautiful, not familiar to me. Four bodies strapped in ship, skeletons now. All four are beheaded, 200 pound iron safe. [[Vellynne Harpell|Vellynne]] and [[Avarice]] are geeking out of the crashed ship, believing it is a Netherese skycoach that was carrying the safe.

[[Aedan]] and [[Aust Rime|Rime]] explore the caverns a bit an walk into a narrow cavern. Rime notices a green glow in the cavern, and turning a corner sees two floating skulls wreathed in green flame inscribing the cavern wall in what seems like all kinds of calculations in a language none of us know. Rime walks up to the skulls and says "Boo". At that point, Aedan also turns the corner and fires two arrows at the skull.

As I hear Aedan and Rime starting a fight, I run over there and fire my imbued crossbow at it. The skulls reacts with a shield spell, but my second bolt flies through, shattering the skull as it clatters to the ground.

The second skull flies over to all three of us, and casts a fireball on itself.

Two more skulls show up near the ship from another room.

I call Vellynne over to inspect the runes on the wall. She pulls out the professor orb, to read the markings. Seems to be about this place, how fire affected this place, but not in they way we expect it would with ice.

Santiago inspects the other room, and finds more runes, and a few strange golden coins.

Rime moves ahead and finds a kobold with glowing red eyes and massive fangs sitting on a rock in the middle of the chamber. It hisses at Rime and bolts off.

Santiago and Rotom have jumped down into a larger room below, feather falling their way down for the short distance.

Aedan and I are with the the mages, who are looking at the safe. The markings on it are draconic, which seem to indicate numbers of the safe. We call over Rotom, who needs a bit of convincing to stop chasing the kobold and come open a safe that might have some shinies. Rotom adeptly opens the safe with a stethoscope and finds a grey bag with a face on it.

Rotom peeks in, doesn't see anything, and hands the bag to Aedan. Aedan holds the bag upside down and four amethysts and a ring of chardalyn in the form of a ram fall out.

Vellynne inspects the ring, and the look in her eyes seem to suggest that both the ring and bag are magical.

Aedan scouts down further south, and finds a large room with the remains of the top of a tower. Also, there is the top of a tunnel leading down. The walls here are unnaturally smooth, something he figures only a Remorhaz can make.

Silver holy symbol with a four pointed star. Holy symbol of Mistril. Mistral was original god of magic, created the weave, Netherese mage sought to steal Mistral's power. Casted 12th level spell, Karsus' Avatar, which made him into Mistral for a time. Gods intervened and capped magic. Karsus' Folly. Mistral sacrificed herself to keep Karsus from achieving his goal. Mistral was reincarnated as Mistra, which is currently worshipped as the goddess of magic.

Find a chest frozen stuck in the ceiling. Rime manages to free it and open the lock. Two superior potions of healing in the chest.

Rime comes back and mentions there's magical stones to the west, a hole to the south and a incorporeal non-undead there as well.

Santiago rushes through the wall east towards a cavern and I rush after him. We find a large iron head with glowing eyes which Santiago seems to take an interest in. This would be the shield guardian he was looking for, but it's in shambles. Santiago wants to test out it's capabilities by asking me to attack him. I take off a glove and slap him in the ass. The head's mouth opens and a puff of poisonous fumes comes out, but it's to little to harm us. Santiago then wants to test the range and we move back to the previous room. I poke Santiago in the shin with a crossbow bolt and we hear a similar puffing sound come from the other room.

I pick up the orb, brief flash, I'm in massive cavern, see architecture  like in these caverns, but it's intact. Feel connection with Ythrin, and with the beating heart of this city, mithallar. This orb might be in direct contact with it. Holding the orb makes all attacks magical, +1 to attacks and saves.

Rime and Aedan find a magic stone that when you touch it, it gives you a glimpse of an unreal city. Aedan calls over Vellynne and has the orb inspect the stone. It's seemingly a stone to get a tour of Ythrin when you touch it.

Santiago, Rotom and I continue east into a larger cavern. My silver locket gives me a sense that there are undead nearby. Looking around the cavern, I can see some undead looking at us from the icy walls.