# Session 35
Rotom and Vellynne talk about the stolen keys and think Avarice and her following stole them. We run back towards Avarice's group, but as soon as we get to the broken walls of the fallen tower, we notice a large group of barbarians with weapons drawn walking through the caves. I call out to them to ask what they are doing here, and they respond with aggression. In response I grab hold of my silver amulet, and invoke the empowering blood ritual to strengthen and enlarge my form. I reach for my hand crossbow and fire twice at the first barbarian I see. The first crossbow bolt immediately drops the barbarian and the second one flies into the one behind.

Santiago runs towards Avarice and notices another group of barbarians. He casts a spell to hypnotize the group and catches a few of them. The leader of that group runs up to Santiago, reciting a prayer to The Frostmaiden.

On the opposite of the fallen tower, I see a tortle  the cave in search of them. Hearing the noise coming from the fallen tower, they peek in and see the enemy Tiger tribe barbarians. They throw a javelin through a hole in the wall on the other side. Climbing through the hole, grabbing their greataxe and splitting the barbarian's skull.

Rotom moves towards Santiago

Two barbarians run to me and attack.

Rime attacks the two barbarians, dropping one.

Aedan fires a volley of arrows to the last barbarian, dropping that one.

Vellynne raises the barbarian I killed first as a zombie, the crossbow bolt still stuck in his forehead.

Knowing Santiago, I run to towards him and check on him. I see Santiago engaged in combat with two barbarians, one of them wearing a large sabretooth tiger skin over their head, two sabretooths poking out from their shoulders. This one looks like the leader of the barbarians, so I decide to fire my crossbow at them, firing four crossbow bolts, but they don't seem to hurt them as much.

The barbarian leader attacks me with their greataxe, greatly injuring me as I take two massive slashes that freeze my skin.

Ravisin casts moonbeam between Rotom and me.

Zallinger attacks the undead barbarian first, as he doesn't like the sight of that, slashing the legs from underneath them. Vellynne asks why he did that. Zallinger responds that he doesn't like undead and doesn't know if he can trust us. He finally turns around and in a frenzied rage finishes the last barbarian in the fallen tower behind him.

Rotom attacks twice with her flying daggers, critically wounding Bjornhilde. The hits don't seem to wound Bjornhilde as much as they should though, like with my crossbow bolts.

Rime runs up to use, and sees me going down and drop to the ground. He sees Ravisin and in a fit of revenge fires a fire bolt at Ravisin. He steps in the moonbeam to do a lay on hands on me and help me out.

Aedan walks into the fallen tower towards Zallinger to check him out but decides he's one of the good guys and runs further trying to flank the barbarians.

If get up again, spot Ravisin on the end of the cavern and fire two shots towards her. Recognizing the threat I'm facing in the moonbeam with two barbarians in front of me, I try to flee from the combat, but the two barbarians attack me as I try to flee and drop again.

Zallinger spots a flying owl and recognizes it as an agent of Auril. He slices at the owl, Ravisin drops out of her to the floor. Zallinger finishes her off with a slice of his greataxe and slices her in half.

Rime finishes off the barbarian leader.

I wake up with Santiago's sweaty ass straddling on my chest, as he's whispering in my ear that I should wake up. 

Rotom finds a paitned skull token with feathers on Ravisin.

Rime loots Bjornhilde, finds two greataxes, a seemingly empty bag on her side and a piece of black metal piercing her heart. Rime asks Vellynne what the bag is, and tells it's a bag of holding.

52 rations
Some ordinary weapons
Glowing orb

Zallinger comes up with a cultist still hypnotised by Santiago earlier, asking if we want to question them. Santiago walks up to them, slaps them in their face to wake them up and the cultist comes. Cultist's name is Temerius. Avarice wanted the keys as we investigated. They need the keys for Ythrin, be obliged. I see that he's not telling the full story, in a way that he doesn't seem to fully know what's going on. Santiago intimidates him and tells him to spill it.

Santiago tells us he hears a voice in his head telling him Therune is his profet, and then he mentions Therune's the good guy. I see Santiago's whip crawling up his arm the moment he says that. I ask him for his whip and try to take it from him, but the tentacles keep wrapping around his fingers and wrist.

We discuss what Zallinger is gonna do with Aerix, the little boy who's heir to Zallinger's Wolf tribe. Zallinger offers to come along with us and see if he can put an end the conflict between the Tiger and Wolf tribe while he's here.

Then we inspect the hole that 