Santiago shouts up toward Theruun.

Nothics attack us. Nothic figure on magical hand flying towards us, leading the pack.

Santiago hypnotizes two of the Nothics. We dispatch the rest of them, including the magical hand.

I loot the corpse of the Nothic leader and find a spellbook and a weird, origami looking key. I get the sense the key has a feel of conjuration magic about it.

We go look for the tower matching the key, Aedan and I lead the group. Within the hour, we find the matching tower, the tower of conjuration. I insert the origami key and the lock frees up to twist. We open the door and find a spiralling staircase up to the top of the tower.

In the top room, there is a pedestal with four glowing hand symbols on each of its sides, and a miniature version of the tower we are in on top of it. Three brooms float about the room, continuously cleaning the floor. We can look inside the miniature tower, but it doesn't seem to have a pedestal in it. Aedan spots some humanoids out of the window, scouting the place where we fought the Nothics.

We look at the pedestal, then to each other, and we all place our hands on the symbols. The brooms clatter to the ground, inanimate. A portal opens in the wall, and Santiago walks in. The miniature tower lights up with small flash and we hear a high pitched voice coming from it.

We go through the portal and find ourselves in a room with a celestial standing in a resting position being surrounded by four magical orbs, crackling with energy. In its hands it's holding a key. We poke at the orbs with a broom and the angel's face contorts with pain. As soon as we stop poking, it comes to rest again.

Looking around the room, we find writing in Elven and Draconic, saying 

> Second, summon a flame in the palm of your hand

Santiago looks around the room, tries to analyze its magic and then walks up to the celestial and pulls at the key. It comes loose after some prying, but as soon as it's loose, we hear the door closing behind us.

Santiago and I make it out, but Aedan and Rime are still in there. An energetic surge can be see from the miniature tower and we see the two small figures of Aedan and Rime being tossed against the walls. Santiago and I don't hesitate for a moment and we put our hands on the pedestal again to try and open a new portal for them, which luckily it does.

We head out of this tower with the key and go looking for another tower to explore. We head back to where we were earlier, fighting the Nothics and head south. There we find another tower, linked to the school of abjuration.

The tower is taller than the one before, and feature large blue glowing symbols on its side. The entrance to the tower is an open archway, but Aedan notices some magical symbols along the frame, indicating that this might be protected by a spell. Aedan somehow senses it was triggered fairly recently, but also figures out he can disable the rune by scratching through it thorougly.

While Aedan does that, I try to search for tracks of the humanoids Aedan spotted earlier in the other tower, but only spot some webbing.

Aedan manages to disable the protective rune of the entrace and we go in. We find armour strewn across the hallways, we think the folks wearing these had been hit by the rune, but nothing of their bodies remains. It might have been a good thing Aedan spotted that rune before we went in.

Up the tower we reach a large room with a central disc engraved with runes. A large hole 60ft above us in the ceiling makes us think the disc can lead us there. Santiago takes a look around and finds what he thinks is the switch to have the disc go up. He activates it and the disc immedately starts rising, so he has to take a sprint to catch up to the disc. Jumping up the side of the disc, we help him on board the platform. 

The elevator takes us to the upper floor, with another draconic and elven text around the room, reading:

> First, shield thy heart with a wand from the Nether Oak.

There also seems to be a magical anvil of some kind, but Santiago isn't able to deduce what it's supposed to be used for. 

Alas there is no semblance of anything of a key here, and another piece of webbing that's hanging off of a ledge seems to indicate some of the drow were here earlier.

We leave the tower again, in search of the third one as it seems we have found the first two according to the texts. Our gut feeling leads us back the first tower we searched, passing a tree grove in a dimple of the city.

Seeing these trees grow here like this, makes us curious about the place and we decide to see if we can find anything here or learn anything about Ythryn's secrets. And as the first text seems to indicate we need a wand of Nether Oak, these trees seem like a damn good place to look first.

Aedan places his hand on a tree to sense how it feels, but these trees seem to thrive here and grow well. Standing in this arboretum also shows us that the sky is unlike what we saw before. The icy walls of this massive cavern seem to have given way for an illusion of a clear blue sky, but the sky also glitches occasionally into a dark but clear and starry night sky.

Rime takes a look at the night sky for a moment, and notices that the orientation of the stars does seem to match up with the actual time up on the surface. A single red star seems to shine brighter than up on the surface though, indicating Delban, the Star of Ice and Hate.

Suddenly, we notice humanoid figures moving up on us through the trees, and then we see a group of drow sneaking up on us, catching us by surprise.