We sneak up to the top of the tower, still invisible from spells that Rime and Santiago cast. We sneak inside and see a number of drow inside. Santiago kicks off the combat with a wall of fire.

TAke care of drow

Altar in the top of building with carved elven symbols, referencing Illustria. 6 keys with coinciting with symbols on door to main tower. Still need one key of transmutation.

I find a small leather backpack, 3 greater healing potions and a scroll, divination spell. Figured that Xorlarinn was using this spell to keep in touch with their godess on the location of the keys.

Aedan finds a small bound leather booklet, on one of the elite elven warriors. Booklet written in Elvish, kind of like a diary noting her experiences of the past days.

Rime finds a letter tucked in the cleavage of Xorlarinn in Elvish, sent by [[Omareth Baenre]]. Asks Xorlarinn to find an artifact lost to time. Large metal spindle that is 40,000 years old in city that crashed 3,000 years ago. Metal is black of colour, fiendish of origin. I've heard of stories that Kelvin's Cairn wasn't a mountain, but it was sent here and grew. What was sent here looked like the drawing.

Why send two very similar items to same location? Why do that? For triangulation purposes to a specific location, unknown to us.

Aedan reads the diary of the drow, but doesn't find much new information. It does note that Xorlarinn also wanted to find a certain scroll, deep beneath the city, but it's unknown to us. Professor Orb doesn't know about this spell either. Mentions an encounter with Xarlathas, floating human skull, guard of [[Ythrin]].  Key of transformation is on the other side of the city.

We head towards the other side of the city. We walk past a cracked and destroyed tower, used to be massive. As we walk past, a tongue lashed out at Aedan, but missing him by a hair. Doesn't seem to be able to move, part of the tower, some kind of mimic. Aedan wants to investigate the mimic, mouth opening up again as Aedan approaches hitting him with its slimy tongue. We dispatch of it. Aedan peers inside the tower, seems like some kind of prison, the mimic acting as some kind of punishment for wicked criminals or something.

We reach the tower, door slightly ajar, three humanoid creatures floating in front of the entrance. Magical Netherese creatures it seems. We sneak up to it, taking cover behind some of the rubble. These creatures seem to be sentries, guarding the area, but not noticing us. Seems like they are using some kind of other sense other than sight.

I summon a creature from the gray bag of tricks and send it to the sentries. The three creatures look at each other, one goes invisible, one goes inside the tower. The one remaining attacks the badger, frying it with an electric shock. The floating creature lands, and starts looking around, not noticing us yet.

The creature that went inside comes out with a similar one, loudly speaking in a language we don't recognise. We are