Binkleton, Goosifer and Rookie had taken an edict from a mind flayer. Flying through the astral sea with their newly taken ship, a massive suddenly appears. Goosifer is at the helm, when they see the city appear right in front of them. The ship crashes into the city.

--------------------------

Rime, Aedan, Grolto and Santiago are at the bottom of the tower of transmutation, when the creature they saw approaching flies at an insane speed towards the city. It doesn't seem to move out of the way, and flies straight into the city.

We discuss what to do at this point. Grolto asks Santiago if this isn't one of their illusions. Santiago denies that question.

Santiago approaches the ship and hears voices. Some folk that look like fish approach Santiago, and he calls me over, telling there's loot to secure. Taking a look at them, I recognise them as Kuotoa, and they look hungry. I throw them a bunch of trout, and they immediately start gorging it down.

From the ship, we can hear some panicked voices, and through the cracks, see a zombie beholder approach the crew inside. It starts to fire its eye rays towards the crew inside.

We start attacking the beholder and quickly deal with it.

There's other creatures escaping from the ship. More Kuotoa are behind the ship, and Grell fly towards us all as well.

A goose-like creature on the ship casts a spell and banishes the mind flayer that owns this nautiloid ship.

We fend off the final few remaining creatures.

Make our acquaintance with the three bird people on the nautiloid. Seems we are in the Astral Sea. The were flying through there, when the city appeared before they crashed.

We head back to the transmutation tower.

Two more of the floating creatures are before the tower. Binkleton approaches the figures as they try to make friends across the universe. Figures reply they are thinking over options to saving Dr. Thaxamov. Binkleton somehow manages to convince the creatures to let us in.

Wrecked tower, green vortex, shambling mounds of flesh. Stairs up, shattered canisters.

Grolto asks Binkleton if they think they can make friends with the shambling flesh. They try talking to them, but a central creature spits a blob of acid towards Binkleton.

We start fighting the creatures. 